kernel/refl1d/README.md, before:

# Refl1D calculation kernels
Pulled from https://github.com/reflectometry/refl1d.git 2021-02-15

These are all in C++ and are used from Python with a wrapper.

## [reflectivity.cc](reflectivity.cc)
The standard, unpolarized reflectivity kernel.  It uses the matrix formalism, and 
includes Nevot-Croce roughness terms (see line 55)
```cpp
    const Cplx F = (k-k_next)/(k+k_next)*exp(-2.*k*k_next*sigma[next]*sigma[next]);
```


## [magnetic.cc](magnetic.cc)
The library re-implements the CR4XA 4x4 polarized matrix algorithm (Fortran) of C. F. Majkrzak and N. F. Berk found in [gepore.f](gepore.f)

The matrix was reformulated in 2014 to avoid issues that occur when the magnetic field has a significant non-zero out-of-plane component 
(divide-by-zero in some of the terms).  The details can be found in https://scripts.iucr.org/cgi-bin/paper?ge5021 and the new kernel is stable for all
values of vector B (magnitude and direction), and takes into account the Zeeman splitting.

It also includes Nevot-Croce roughness terms, similar to the unpolarized kernel.

Commit message:

Include reference to Majkrzak book chapter

kernel/refl1d/README.md, after:

# Refl1D calculation kernels
Pulled from https://github.com/reflectometry/refl1d.git 2021-02-15

These are all in C++ and are used from Python with a wrapper.

## [reflectivity.cc](reflectivity.cc)
The standard, unpolarized reflectivity kernel.  It uses the matrix formalism, and 
includes Nevot-Croce roughness terms (see line 55)
```cpp
    const Cplx F = (k-k_next)/(k+k_next)*exp(-2.*k*k_next*sigma[next]*sigma[next]);
```


## [magnetic.cc](magnetic.cc)
The library re-implements the CR4XA 4x4 polarized matrix algorithm (Fortran) of C. F. Majkrzak and N. F. Berk found in [gepore.f](gepore.f) [1]

The matrix was reformulated in 2014 to avoid issues that occur when the magnetic field has a significant non-zero out-of-plane component 
(divide-by-zero in some of the terms).  The details can be found in https://scripts.iucr.org/cgi-bin/paper?ge5021 and the new kernel is stable for all
values of vector B (magnitude and direction), and takes into account the Zeeman splitting.

It also includes Nevot-Croce roughness terms, similar to the unpolarized kernel.

[1] “Polarized Neutron Reflectometry”, C.F.Majkrzak, K.V.O'Donovan, and N.F.Berk, Chapter 9 in Neutron Scattering from Magnetic Materials, Edited by T.Chatterji, (Elsevier, Amsterdam, 2006) p.397-471
